Update community-plugin-marketplace.md (#929)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/plugins/community-plugin-marketplace.md

### Requirements for adding a community plugin to the Marketplace

Every community plugin must fulfill the following checklist to be added to the Marketplace:

**Product requirements (checked by a Product Manager)**

1. The plugin is published under an [Open Source license](https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical).
2. The source code is available in a public Git repository.
3. There is a public issue or bug tracker for the plugin, which is linked in the plugin documentation and linked via `support_url` in the manifest.
4. For the current release and future releases, a changelog must be published. The link to the current release notes has to be recorded in the `release_notes_url` property of the `plugin.json` manifest. For example GitHub releases can be used to publish the changelog.
5. The plugin has to be out of Beta and be released with at least v1.0.0.
6. All configuration is accessible via the Mattermost interface.

> 7. The plugin ID defined in the manifest must not collide with the ID of an existing plugin in the Marketplace. It should follow [the documentation's suggested naming convention](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/manifest-reference/#id).

Reviewer: Nit why: Why was the hugo ref removed?

Author: Not sure actually, but it's back in!

> 7. The plugin ID defined in the manifest must not collide with the ID of an existing plugin in the Marketplace. It should follow [the documentation's suggested naming convention](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/manifest-reference/#id).

Author: ```suggestion
7. The plugin ID defined in the manifest must not collide with the ID of an existing plugin in the Marketplace. It should follow [the documentation's suggested naming convention]({{< ref "/integrate/plugins/manifest-reference#id" >}}).
```

> **Technical requirements (checked by developers of the Interstellar team)**

Reviewer 2: Will external developers know what "Interstellar team" refers to?

Author: Good question! We can change this to "Checked by the relevant development team".

> **Technical requirements (checked by developers of the Interstellar team)**

Author: ```suggestion
**Technical requirements (checked by the relevant development team)**
```

> **Technical requirements (checked by developers of the Toolkit team or the Integrations team)**

Author: ```suggestion
**Technical requirements (checked by developers of the Interstellar team)**
```

> **Technical requirements (checked by developers of the Toolkit team or the Integrations team)**

Reviewer: Given that these two team don't exist any longer `Interstellar` should be used here.

> **Technical requirements (checked by developers of the Toolkit team or the Integrations team)**

Author: ```suggestion
**Technical requirements (checked by developers of the Interstellar team)**
```

2. The  _owner_ submits a pull request to merge the upstream changes. Reviews are requested by the _owner_. The reviewers point out general discovered issues in the pull request or on the bug tracker of the community plugin. After all blocking issues are resolved, they approve the pull request.
3. The pull request gets merged and `/mb cutplugin --repo $REP --tag $TAG` is run to build, sign, and upload the approved commit of the plugin.
4. The _owner_ opens a pull request, which adds the plugin to `plugins.json` using `generator add $REP $TAG --community`. Only a functional review by one dev and one QA member is needed for this pull request.
5. Promotion via social media might happen on outstanding updates.

### Beta plugins

If a community plugin doesn’t make it through the review process, it may still be added to the Marketplace and marked as “Beta”. The reviewers decide whether the quality of a plugin is sophisticated enough to be added to the Marketplace on a case-by-case basis. Security and functional reviews and items 1, 2, 3, and 5 from the [Product Requirements Checklist](#requirements-for-adding-community-plugin-to-the-marketplace) must be fulfilled for Beta plugins.

> It must be made clear in the Marketplace interface that a plugin is in Beta. Beta plugins must only be visible on Mattermost servers that support labels (i.e. Mattermost v5.20 or later).

Reviewer: I think we can drop this now. The marketplace does sophisticated filtering now.
